= Authorize.Net Ruby SDK

The Authorize.Net Ruby SDK is meant to offer an alternate object-oriented
model of development with the Authorize.net APIs (Version 3.1). The SDK is
based entirely off the name-value pair API, but performs the core payment
activities (such as error handling/parsing, network communication, and data
encoding) behind the scenes. Providing the end developer with this allows the
developer to start integrating immediately without having to write out a mass
of boiler plate code.

== Prerequisites

* Ruby 1.8.7 or higher
* Nokogiri 1.4.3 or higher
* RubyGem 1.3.7 or higher (to build the gem)
* RDoc 1.0 or higher (to build documentation)
* Rake 0.8.7 or higher (to use the rake tasks)

== Installation

Goto the Authorize.Net SDK download page and download the Ruby gem. Then

  > gem install authorize-net-1.5.1.gem

== Usage

=== Advanced Merchant Integration (AIM)

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'authorize_net'
  
  transaction = AuthorizeNet::AIM::Transaction.new('API_LOGIN', 'API_KEY', :gateway => :sandbox)
  credit_card = AuthorizeNet::CreditCard.new('4111111111111111', '1120')
  response = transaction.purchase('10.00', credit_card)
  
  if response.success?
    puts "Successfully made a purchase (authorization code: #{response.authorization_code})"
  else
    raise "Failed to make purchase."
  end

=== Direct Post Method (DPM)

A generator is provided to aid in setting up a Direct Post Method application. In the example below +payments+ is the name of the controller to generate.

  > sudo gem install rails -v '~> 2.1'
  > rails my_direct_post_app
  > cd my_direct_post_app
  > script/generate authorize_net_direct_post payments YOUR_API_LOGIN_ID YOUR_TRANSACTION_KEY MERCH_HASH_KEY
  > script/server
  
After running the generator you will probably want to customize the payment form found in <tt>app/views/payments/payment.erb</tt> and the receipt found in <tt>app/views/payments/receipt.erb</tt>.

There is also a default layout generated, <tt>app/views/layouts/authorize_net.erb</tt>. If you already have your own layout, you can delete that file and the reference to it in the controller (<tt>app/controllers/payments_controller.rb</tt>).

=== Server Integration Method (SIM)

A generator is provided to aid in setting up a Server Integration Method application. In the example below +payments+ is the name of the controller to generate.

  > sudo gem install rails -v '~> 2.1'
  > rails my_sim_app
  > cd my_sim_app
  > script/generate authorize_net_sim payments YOUR_API_LOGIN_ID YOUR_TRANSACTION_KEY MERCH_HASH_KEY
  > script/server
  
After running the generator you will probably want to customize the payment page found in <tt>app/views/payments/payment.erb</tt> and the thank you page found in <tt>app/views/payments/thank_you.erb</tt>.

You may also want to customize the actual payment form and receipt pages. That can be done by making the necessary changes to the AuthorizeNet::SIM::Transaction object (<tt>@sim_transaction</tt>) found in the +payment+ action in <tt>app/controllers/payments_controller.rb</tt>. The styling of those hosted pages are controlled by the AuthorizeNet::SIM::HostedReceiptPage and AuthorizeNet::SIM::HostedPaymentForm objects (which are passed to the AuthorizeNet::SIM::Transaction).

There is also a default layout generated, <tt>app/views/layouts/authorize_net.erb</tt>. If you already have your own layout, you can delete that file and the reference to it in the controller (<tt>app/controllers/payments_controller.rb</tt>).

=== Automated Recurring Billing (ARB)

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'authorize_net'
  
  transaction = AuthorizeNet::ARB::Transaction.new('API_LOGIN', 'API_KEY', :gateway => :sandbox)
  subscription = AuthorizeNet::ARB::Subscription.new(
    :name => "Monthly Gift Basket",
    :length => 1,
    :unit => :month,
    :start_date => Date.today,
    :total_occurrences => :unlimited,
    :amount => 100.00,
    :invoice_number => '1234567',
    :description => "John Doe's Monthly Gift Basket",
    :credit_card => AuthorizeNet::CreditCard.new('4111111111111111', '1120'),
    :billing_address => AuthorizeNet::Address.new(:first_name => 'John', :last_name => 'Doe')
  )
  response = transaction.create(subscription)
  
  if response.success?
    puts "Successfully created a subscription (subscription id: #{response.subscription_id})"
  else
    raise "Failed to create a subscription."
  end

=== Card Present (CP)

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'authorize_net'

  transaction = AuthorizeNet::AIM::Transaction.new('API_LOGIN', 'API_KEY', :gateway => :card_present_sandbox)
  credit_card = AuthorizeNet::CreditCard.new(nil, nil, :track_1 => '%B4111111111111111^DOE/JOHN^1803101000000000020000831000000?')
  response = transaction.purchase('10.00', credit_card)

  if response.success?
    puts "Successfully made a purchase (authorization code: #{response.authorization_code})"
  else
    raise "Failed to make purchase."
  end

== Credit Card Test Numbers

For your reference, you can use the following test credit card numbers.
The expiration date must be set to the present date or later. Use 123 for
the CCV code.

American Express::  370000000000002
Discover::  6011000000000012
Visa::  4007000000027
JCB:: 3088000000000017
Diners Club/ Carte Blanche::  38000000000006
Visa (Card Present Track 1):: %B4111111111111111^DOE/JOHN^1803101000000000020000831000000?